[docs] add `eas/build` function docs (#27254)
expo/expo: docs/pages/custom-builds/schema.mdx

> **info** **Tip:** Any function that is built-in and provided by EAS must start with the `eas/` prefix.

#### `eas/build`

The all-in-one function that encapsulates the entire EAS Build build process. It will resolve the best build workflow configuration for you based on your build profile's settings from [**eas.json**](/eas/json/).

It's ideal for people who just want to have the build done without worrying about altering and configuring the build process manually.
It can be a great starting point for your custom build configuration if you are interested in using other custom steps before or after the build process and you don't want to change the build process itself.

```yaml example.yml
build:
  name: Run a build using a single command
  steps:
    - eas/build
```

If you want to have more control over the build process and customize it for your needs you may be interested in what are the custom functions and steps that are executed behind the scenes by this function. This is what will be resolved as a build process for you based on your build profile's configuration:

1. for iOS build:

>    - if your build doesn't use credentials ([simulator](/eas/json/#simulator) build or when using when using [`withoutCredentials`](/eas/json/withoutcredentials-0)):
>      - [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
>      - [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
>      - [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
>      - Install pods using the `pod install` command
>      - [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
>      - [`eas/generate_gymfile_from_template`](#easgenerate_gymfile_from_template)
>      - [`eas/run_fastlane`](#easrun_fastlane)
>      - [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)
>    - if your build uses credentials (for both `internal` and `store` [distribution](/eas/json/#distribution) builds):
>      - [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
>      - [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
>      - [`eas/get_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration`](#easget_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration)
>      - [`eas/resolve_apple_team_id_from_credentials`](#easresolve_apple_team_id_from_credentials)
>      - [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
>      - Install pods using the `pod install` command
>      - [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
>      - [`eas/configure_ios_credentials`](#easconfigure_ios_credentials)
>      - [`eas/configure_ios_version`](#easconfigure_ios_version)
>      - [`eas/generate_gymfile_from_template`](#easgenerate_gymfile_from_template)
>      - [`eas/run_fastlane`](#easrun_fastlane)
>      - [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)
> 2. for Android build:
>    - if your build doesn't use credentials (when using [`withoutCredentials`](/eas/json/withoutcredentials-1) option):
>      - [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
>      - [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
>      - [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
>      - [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
>      - [`eas/run_gradle`](#easrun_gradle)
>      - [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)
>    - if your build uses credentials (for both `internal` and `store` [distribution](/eas/json/#distribution) builds):
>      - [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
>      - [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
>      - [`eas/get_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration`](#easget_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration)
>      - [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
>      - [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
>      - [`eas/inject_android_credentials`](#easinject_android_credentials)
>      - [`eas/configure_android_version`](#easconfigure_android_version)
>      - [`eas/run_gradle`](#easrun_gradle)
>      - [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Icon={GithubIcon}
  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-custom-builds-example/blob/main/.eas/build/ios-simulator-build.yml"
/>
<BoxLink
  title="ios-credentials-build.yml"
  description="View the steps executed behind the scenes by the `eas/build` function for an iOS build with credentials in our example repository."
  Icon={GithubIcon}
  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-custom-builds-example/blob/main/.eas/build/ios-build-with-credentials.yml"
/>
<BoxLink
  title="android-build-without-credentials.yml"
  description="View the steps executed behind the scenes by the `eas/build` function for an Android build without credentials in our example repository."
  Icon={GithubIcon}
  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-custom-builds-example/blob/main/.eas/build/android-build-without-credentials.yml"
/>
<BoxLink
  title="android-build-with-credentials.yml"
  description="View the steps executed behind the scenes by the `eas/build` function for an Android build with credentials in our example repository."
  Icon={GithubIcon}
  href="https://github.com/expo/eas-custom-builds-example/blob/main/.eas/build/android-build-with-credentials.yml"
/>

> Known limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Known limitations
```

Convert it to a section

> - This function won't configure updates for you properly if you still use the legacy classic updates. You should use the EAS Update instead. Check our [migration guide](/eas-update/migrate-from-classic-updates/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This function doesn't configure legacy classic updates. If you are using classic updates, [migrate to EAS Update](/eas-update/migrate-from-classic-updates/) before using this function.
```

> - Currently it doesn't accept any inputs and the resolved build process will be configured based on your build profile from [**eas.json**](/eas/json/) settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't accept any inputs, and the resolved build process will be configured based on your build profile from [**eas.json**](/eas/json/).
```

> - The build process produced by `eas/build` is not configurable and you can't customize it. If you need to customize the build process you should use the subset of functions and steps that are executed behind the scenes by this function and configure them manually in your YAML configuration file as shown in the examples above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The build process produced by `eas/build` is not configurable and you can't customize it. If you need to customize the build process, use the subset of functions and steps that are executed behind the scenes by this function and configure them manually in the YAML configuration file, as shown in the examples above.
```

- Which examples is the last line referring to?

Author: ```md
##### Android

When a build configuration is using [`withoutCredentials`](/eas/json/#withoutcredentials):

- [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
- [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
- [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
- [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
- [`eas/run_gradle`](#easrun_gradle)
- [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)

When a build configuration uses credentials (for both `internal` and `store` [distribution](/eas/json/#distribution) builds):

- [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
- [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
- [`eas/get_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration`](#easget_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration)
- [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
- [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
- [`eas/inject_android_credentials`](#easinject_android_credentials)
- [`eas/configure_android_version`](#easconfigure_android_version)
- [`eas/run_gradle`](#easrun_gradle)
- [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)

##### iOS

When a build configuration is using [`withoutCredentials`](/eas/json/#withoutcredentials) or [`simulator`](/eas/json/#simulator):
- [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
- [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
- [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
- Install pods using the `pod install` command
- [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
- [`eas/generate_gymfile_from_template`](#easgenerate_gymfile_from_template)
- [`eas/run_fastlane`](#easrun_fastlane)
- [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)

When a build configuration uses credentials (for both `internal` and `store` [distribution](/eas/json/#distribution) builds):

- [`eas/checkout`](#eascheckout)
- [`eas/install_node_modules`](#easinstall_node_modules)
- [`eas/get_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration`](#easget_credentials_for_build_triggered_by_github_integration)
- [`eas/resolve_apple_team_id_from_credentials`](#easresolve_apple_team_id_from_credentials)
- [`eas/prebuild`](#easprebuild)
- Install pods using the `pod install` command
- [`eas/configure_eas_update`](#easconfigure_eas_update)
- [`eas/configure_ios_credentials`](#easconfigure_ios_credentials)
- [`eas/configure_ios_version`](#easconfigure_ios_version)
- [`eas/generate_gymfile_from_template`](#easgenerate_gymfile_from_template)
- [`eas/run_fastlane`](#easrun_fastlane)
- [`eas/find_and_upload_build_artifacts`](#easfind_and_upload_build_artifacts)
```

I meant these examples

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification!
